Love / 
About 1,000 words
















Love


It only took Jennifer two incidents to realize she was different. The first incident was when she was thirteen. Her parents were fighting after dinner, a common event in her home. She had had a stressful day at school, so the fight was very frustrating.
“JUST STOP FIGHTING!” Jennifer screamed, pulling on her hair.
To her surprise, they did. Instead, however, they were all over each other kissing and hugging. 
“Ugh, gross!” Jennifer exclaimed as her parents’ amore became more heated, and she stomped off to her room, slamming the door and cranking her Bluetooth speaker.
The second was only a few weeks later. Jennifer was walking with her friends John and Elliot. John and Elliot were fighting about something stupid having to do with football tryouts like a week ago. They had been sniping at each other all week.
“John, why did you have to budge in front of me this morning?” Elliot said
“I dunno. I thought taking someone's position in line is how we operate now,” John replied sarcastically.
“Jesus! Will you two just kiss and make up already!” Jennifer retorted, exasperated.
Suddenly, both John and Elliot stop. John reaches up, cups Elliot's cheek stares into his eyes, and says, “I am sorry for taking your starting position on the football team. I didn’t intend to do that.”
Elliot reaches up and grabs John’s hand, tilting his head and pressing John’s palm against his cheek. “No, I am sorry, you didn’t make the starting lineup choices. I don’t know why it upset me so much it should not have. You earned the starting position, and you deserve it.”
Then they kissed and continued walking hand in hand.
Jennifer just stared at them, mouth agape as they walked away. When John and Elliot were about twenty feet away, they realized that Jennifer was not walking with them. They turned to look back at her. “Hey Jen, are you coming?” Elliot calls back to her.
Noticing the look on Jennifer’s face, John said, “Are you ok?”
Crossing the distance between Elliot and John, Jennifer says, “Um, last I checked, neither of you is gay.”
“What are you talking about; we’re not gay,” Elliot replies, looking at Jennifer like she has a chicken on her head. “At least I am not, are you John?” continues Elliot, then quickly adding, “Not that there is anything wrong with that.”
“No, I am not either,” John replies, echoing Elliot’s expression.
“Okay, but you do realize that the two of you just romantically apologized, kissed, AND—you are—at this very moment—holding each other’s hand, right?” Jennifer retorts.
Elliot and John looked down at their hands and then back at each other. Their brows furrowed in confusion, the expression perfectly mirrored on each face. Then, looking into each other's eyes, their brows smoothed, expressions softened into that doe-eyed look of new love. At the same time, they said, “But I love,” each finishing with the other's name.
“You have always been friends, but the two of you have been fighting all week. Don’t you find it even a little strange that though neither of you is gay, you are now in love?” Jennifer asked with one eyebrow raised.
“Yes, very, but my feelings for John are undeniable,” Elliot replied. 
John nodded in agreement.
“It doesn't disturb you at all?” Jennifer said, continuing her inquiry.
“The love I am feeling feels too good to be disturbed by it,” John says, looking deeply into Elliot’s eyes.
“Okay, Okay,” Jenifer said, thinking. “Something similar happened last week with my parents. They were yelling at each other, like any average weeknight. It was Wednesday, the day Angi started that rumor that I was a slut because I only hangout with boys. So I was already upset when they started in on each other. I just had too much, so I yelled at them to stop fighting. And they did. Only they then started making out, professing their love. When they started groping, I went to my bedroom and cranked the music, 'cause who wants to see or hear their parents doing that, ugh!” Jennifer finished with a grimace on her face.
“Gross, but so what? At least they stopped fighting,” Elliot replied.
Exasperated, Jennifer replied, “So, today, I got frustrated with the two of you sniping at each other, and I told you to ‘Kiss and make up.’ Then you did—literally.”
“So you think you can make people fall in love like Cupid?” John asks incredulously.
“Well, I think the people have to be fighting or mad at each other, and I may have to be upset by them being mad at each other. I also don’t need a bow with arrows that have heart-shaped tips.” Jennifer replied sardonically.
“Well, we can test your theory right now. There is a playground on the other side of this park, and there is always someone fighting with someone on a playground. We will just walk over there, and you can yell out, ‘STOP FIGHTING!’ if some kids start smooching, we’ll know you’re Cupid. If not, we’ll have to find someone that upsets you when they fight.” John says analytically.
So they head across the park to the playground. Jennifer steps onto the playground with the pea-gravel crunching under her shoes, holds her hands around her mouth, and yells, “STOP FIGHTING!”
Half the kids turn to stare at her. The rest of the playground turned into a veritable orgy of chaste kisses, hand-holding, and doe-eyed eye-looking.
“Wow, I had no idea there was THAT much animosity on a playground,” Elliot stated wryly.
“Oh—my—God, we just completed your origin story! You have a superpower! Have you decided if you are going to be a hero or a villain?” John exclaims.
“Neither.” Jenefer replies, “And so help me if you suggest I run around in a diaper with a bow and arrow. I will pound you into jelly.” she finishes dryly.
“I can’t wait until the next issue when we determine the range of your power,” Elliot says, then pauses, something like grief passing across his face. “And how long it lasts.”
The sun begins to set on three excited, confused, and contemplative teens and a group of children vaguely playing and wondering at the sudden onset of Valentine's Day.
END